{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18360\viewh16680\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b\fs48 Steps to run Psychophsyics Experiment\

\fs28 \
Also see the Matlab file stepsToRunExperiment.m\
\

\b0 These are the main steps to run the experiment. We are assuming that the LMS struct for the conditions are already saved in the correct folders. \
This part should be done using VirtualWorldColorConstancy and VirtualWorldPsychophysics earlier. See the file stepsToRunPsychophysics in VirtualWorldColorConstancy for details. 
\b \
\

\fs36 1. Computer settings
\b0\fs28 \
	a. Start computer and turn on the monitor.\
	b. Start MATLAB and type tbUseProject('VirtualWorldPsychophysics') hit enter.\
\

\b\fs36 2. Make the trial structs for subject selection.
\fs28 \
	
\b0 a. We will be performing the experiment in two steps. First we determine whether the subject thresholds are reasonable. If the thresholds are within our criteria, we continue with the experiment. This step makes the trial structs for selecting the subjects.
\b \

\b0 \
	b. Run the function makeTrialStructForSubjectSelection(subjectName,numberOfStructs) with the appropriate subject name.
\f1 \
\

\f0\fs36 3. 
\b Subject selection session
\f1\b0\fs28 \
	
\f0 a. Run subject selection session using the script runSubjectSelectionSession.m. In this session, all three trial structs for case 1 will be run. \
	b. Update subjectname and trialId and run this script three times.\

\f1 \

\f0\b\fs36 4. Make the trial structs for experiment
\fs28 \

\b0 	Run the function 
\f1 makeTrialStructForFinalExperiment(subjectName,sessionNumber) with the appropriate subject name and session number.\

\f0\b \

\fs36 5. Run Final Sessions
\fs28 \

\f1\b0 	
\f0 a. First generate three random orders for running the conditions for every session using the function randperm(3). \
	b. Save the order in the excel file\cf2  VirtualWorldPsychophysics/data/SubjectInformation/SequenceForExperiment
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 	c. Update the subject name and the session number in the script runSubjectSelectionSession.m.\
	d. Update the The condition number according to the session number and run the script. 
\b \
}